Explaination:

Imports:

datetime: Provides functions to work with dates and times.
os: Allows interaction with the operating system, useful for file operations.
smtplib: Library for sending emails using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol.
webbrowser: Allows the script to open web browsers.
openai: Python library for interfacing with OpenAI APIs.
pyttsx3: Text-to-speech conversion library.
requests: Used for making HTTP requests to APIs.
speech_recognition: Library for speech recognition.
wikipedia: Allows fetching information from Wikipedia.

Voice Initialization:

Sets up the text-to-speech engine using pyttsx3.
Initializes voice properties.

API Keys and Global Variables:

apikey: API key for OpenAI.
OPENWEATHERMAP_API_KEY: API key for OpenWeatherMap.
NEWS_API_KEY: API key for fetching news.

Note:
What is pyttsx3?
A python library that will help us to convert text to speech. In short, it is a text-to-speech library.
It works offline, and it is compatible with Python 2 as well as Python 3.

pip install pyttsx3

In case you receive such errors: 

No module named win32com.client
No module named win32
No module named win32api
Then, install pypiwin32 by typing the below command in the terminal :

pip install pypiwin32

After successfully installing pyttsx3, import this module into your program.

Usage:

import pyttsx3

engine = pyttsx3.init('sapi5')

voices= engine.getProperty('voices') #getting details of current voice

engine.setProperty('voice', voice[0].id)

What is sapi5?

Microsoft developed speech API.
Helps in synthesis and recognition of voice.
What Is VoiceId?
Voice id helps us to select different voices.
voice[0].id = Male voice 
voice[1].id = Female voice

Functions:

speak(audio) Function:

Purpose: This function is responsible for converting text to speech and then playing the generated audio.
Usage: It takes the audio parameter (text) and uses the pyttsx3 library to speak that text aloud.

wishMe() Function:

Purpose: Greets the user based on the current time of day (morning, afternoon, or evening) using the datetime module.
Usage: Called at the beginning of the program to create a personalized greeting.

chat(q) Function:

Purpose: Communicates with OpenAI GPT-3.5 Turbo to generate responses based on user input.
Usage: Takes user input (q), sends it to OpenAI, and speaks the generated response. Also updates a conversation string (chatStr).

ai(prompt) Function:

Purpose: Similar to chat(q), but designed to handle specific prompts and saves the response to a file in the "Openai" directory.
Usage: Takes a prompt, sends it to OpenAI, and speaks the generated response. Additionally, saves the response to a text file.

get_weather(city) Function:

Purpose: Retrieves current weather information for a specified city using the OpenWeatherMap API.
Usage: Takes a city parameter, constructs an API request, sends it, and returns a formatted weather description.

get_news() Function:

Purpose: Fetches and speaks the top news headlines using the News API.
Usage: Sends a request to the News API, retrieves news data, and speaks the headlines for the user.
get_sports_news() Function:

Purpose: Fetches and speaks the top sports news headlines using the News API.
Usage: Similar to get_news(), but specifically for sports news.

takeCommand() Function:

Purpose: Uses the microphone to recognize user speech and return the recognized text.
Usage: Listens for user input, converts the spoken words to text using the speech_recognition library, and returns the recognized text.

sendEmail(to, content) Function:

Purpose: Sends an email using the smtplib library.
Usage: Takes a recipient email address (to) and email content (content), logs into a Gmail account, and sends the email.

Main Program:

Logic:
Greets the user using wishMe().
Enters a loop for continuously listening to user commands.
The program continuously listens for user commands in a while loop.
It processes various commands such as opening websites, searching Wikipedia, playing music, checking the time, opening code editors, sending emails, interacting with OpenAI for specific prompts, getting weather information, fetching news, and handling general chat.
The loop continues until the user says "Quit."
Note:
The program dynamically opens websites like Google, YouTube, Wikipedia, and Stack Overflow based on user commands.
Specific commands trigger actions such as playing music, checking the time, opening code editors, and sending emails.

Note:

The code uses external APIs for weather information and news, so you need to ensure that you have valid API keys for OpenAI, OpenWeatherMap, and News API. The config.py file is expected to contain the apikey.
The code is designed for Windows (as it uses specific paths for applications), and adjustments might be needed for other operating systems.
